Good Afternoon
hello , good afternoon
do you have recommendations for a good restaurant
do you like japanese food
yes , i like
i recommend the restaurant okuzono
what kind of restaurant is it
Okuzono Japanese dining is an authentic izakaya concept resturant that has an open kitchen , zen garden , a tatatmi area and unique mezzanine style seats
is the place aesthetic
the restaurant is quite aesthetic with the casual dining type
do you have any recommendations for good food
i recommend okonomiyaki from the restaurant
what type of food is that
you can search it on the internet
is the capacity of people in the restaurant big
the capacity is quite big
what about the price range
for the price range of the restaurant its about mid range
where is the location
for the location its at JL . Suryo No . 1, RW . 3, RW . Bar . , Kec . Kby . Baru , Kota Jakarta selatan , daerah khusus ibukota jakarta 12180
which area is it
the area is near abuba steak
can the place be used for a birthday party
yes , can
is wifi available
yes wifi is available
can you help me reserve a table for the 12th
you can contact 81118095
okay , thank you
okay , you are welcome
good afternoon
hello , good afternoon
are there any restaurant that serves Thailand food ?
good afternoon
good afternoon too , can I help you with anything ?
are there any restaurant that serve Thailand food ?
you can go to NOBLE by Zab Thai which is located in senopati
can you give me the complete address ?
senopati , it is across kopi janji jiwa , the exact location is Jl . Senopati Raya no . 92, Senopati , jakarta
okay , what kind of menu do they serve ?
the best real Thailand food , they serve non-Halal and halal
what is the estimated price for the menu ?
middle range price , it is a casual dining restaurant
okay , can I reserve for 10 people ?
of course
how do I reserve ?
you can reserve here ?
I want to book for next Monday , for 10 people
okay , under what name ?
by the name rani
okay , Ms Rani's reservation is for next Monday
yes correct
okay , I hope you come on time
okay , thank you for your help
is there anything else ?
is there any number that I can contact ?
you can contact 817990998
okay , thank you
is there anything else ?
no , that's enough
okay , thank you for contacting us
good afternoon
good afternoon , is there something we could help ?
im looking for a japenese restaurant , so the food ingredients is imported from japan and it is cooked by japanese chef
ypu can come to sushi hiro , the adress is at muara karang , the area is beside bca bank
oh okay , and what kind is the restaurant
the restaurant type is casual dining
how much is the price for that type ?
the price is medium
if i may know , what time does the restaurant open ?
open from 08.00 and closes until 22.30
i will take the restaurant telephone number
you can call to 817925672
okay , i will contact you later
is there anything else we could help ?
thats enough ,thank you
alright , thank you for calling me and enjoy your activities again
good afternoon ?
good afternoon , is there something we could help ?
is this the restaurant service ?
sure , is there something we could help ?
im looking for a restaurant
for which area ?
tanjung gede
sorry , we cant find anything for that address
where is the locatyion for the restaurant ?
for the address tanjung duren , there is mangkok ku restaurant , are you interested ?
yes , near what area ?
the area is behind rumah makan pilar minang
what is the description for the restaurant ?
this restaurant served food with bowl , the price they offer is also very cheap
what is the type of the restaurant ?
the type of the restaurant is quick bites
how much is the price ?
the price is low
alright , is there any phone number ?
you can contact to this number 811382132
alright , thank you for the information
is there anything else we could help ?
thats enough
alright , thank you for calling us and enjoy your activities again
Hello
Hello , How can we help
Isn't this a restaurant service
Yes it is , do you have any inquiries ?
I'd like to ask if there's any Japanese food
There is , we can recommend a few to begin with
Where are these places ?
sushi hiro , Shabu Ghin , Momo Paradise Indonesia , Okuzono and Hensin-The Westin
Which one is the most delicious and most expensive ?
Hensin- The Westin , It's expensive as you'd prefer
Yes , I'd like the most expensive one
Okay , we can help you with a phone number for reservation
Which area is it in ?
It's in The Westin Jakarta , 67-69th floor , Jl . H . R . Rasuna Said , Kuningan , Jakarta 12940 Near kuningan city in kuningan area
My phone number is 08291999192939
Great , under what name ?
Where is the area ?
Near Kuningan city
Under the name of Geriasetung
Why is it taking so long
Apologies , our server is running into some problems
Okay cool
morning
morning , can i help you ?
i want to order a restaurant
okay , what kind of restaurant do you want ?
where can i find a good japanese restaurant ?
we recommend you sushi hiro restaurant
where is it ?
it's located at muara karang , beside bank BCA
is there any other restaurant at muara karang ?
shabu gin for japannese restaurant , if you are interested
what kind of restaurant ?
shabu gin is one of the japannese restaurant that serves all you can eat shabu shabu with option special beef , premium beef , wagyu beef and premium wagyu beef
where is it located at ?
located at jl . wolter monginsidi no . 53, senopati , jakarta visitor 55969197
oh , is it at senopati area ?
right , located at senopati across kopi janji jiwa restaurant
what is the price range ?
middle range
what type of restaurant is it ?
casual dining
can i book for 2 person ?
okay on behalf of whom ?
on behalf of nina
okay , for when ? for additional information , the restaurant conntact number is 806020450
okay , i want to book it for friday the 13th
okay , how would you like to pay ?
by ovo
okay , any email ?
ninabobo@gmail . com
we will send the payment confirmation and table number to your email
okay , thank you
anything else that we can help ?
nothing
thank you for calling us , we are happy to help you
your welcome
good afternoon
Good afternoon
Hello good afternoon , how can we help you ?
Is there a restaurant that uses simple ingredients without MSG ?
You can visit a restaurant called Pasta Town
Oh , then what kind of food do they serve ?
It's a restaurant that serves cuisine of
what cuisine ?
It's a restaurant that serves western cuisine
Oh western cuisine , what type of restaurant is it ?
It's a breakfast type restaurant
How much is the price range ?
For that price range , the menu in this restaurant can be considered cheap
Oh okay , where is this restaurant located ?
It's located in Pantai Indah Kapuk Street
On which side ?
Across Tzu Chi school
Oh across Tzu Chi . How do I book a spot ?
If you want to book a spot you can contact 812345765
Oh okay , I will contact that number to reserve a spot
Anything else we can help you with ?
nothing else thanks
alright , thank you for contacting us , good afternoon
good afternoon
good afternoon , is there anything that i can help ?
i am looking for a restaurant
what kind of restaurant are you looking for ?
korean restaurant
there is one in senopati
where in senopati ?
beside bumbu satu restaurant
what time is the rush hour of this restaurant ?
from 07:00 until 23:00
it is busy all day ?
yes because there a lot of visitors
can they do take aways ?
probably
okay , i want the contact number
856463001
can i have the full address ?
yes , Jl . Senopati No 80, Selong , Kota jakarta selatan , Daerah Khusus Ibukota Jakarta 12110
the name of the restauranyt ?
Young Dabang
can you explain a bit about the restaurant ?
this restaurant serves authentic korean food accompanied with selection of Soju that will make sure you have a good time every time you make a visit
can i pay using credit card ?
yes
what is the price range of the restaurant ?
the price is considered as high
okay , this is a type of restaurant that i can chill right sir ?
the type of the restaurant is casual dining ?
okay thank you
is there anything else that you want to ask ?
no
thank you , good morning
good afternoon
good morning
good morning how can i help you
i want to ask , where is the restaurant pasta town located
its in jalan pantai indah kapuk across tzhu chi school
oh there this restaurant serves food from which country
it serves western food
okay what kind of restaurant is it
our restaurant uses simple ingredients without msg
wow although i like msg but i am intrigued is the restaurant suitable for breakfast
msg is not good for your healthy , yes the restaurant is breakfast type so we strongly suggest coming here for breakfast
thank you for reminding me about my health arent the meals too heavy for breakfast though
according to your capacity
oh what about about the price range of the restaurant
the price is cheap and low , very suitable for students or employees who hasnt gotten their salaries
oh im an employee who hasnt been paid yet do i need to reserve a seat if i want to eat there
you can just come or resreve for reservation we can give you a number for the restaurant
oh can i get the number for reservation , because there is a chance ill go there with a lot of people
you can contact 812345765
okay i will book first then thank you for the information
anything else we can help you with
nope
okay thank you for contacting us we are happy to help
good morning
good morning , is there something we can help you with
can you recommend a place that is fit for a breakfast gathering
hello
hello , anything we can help ?
i want to ask for a restaurant that is popular these days
which area do you want the restaurant to be ?
restaurant around muara karang
there is sushi hiro there
hello
hello , anything that i can help ?
i would like to known about restaurant that is popular these days
which area of the restaurant do you want ?
restaurant around muara karang
there is sushi hiro
where is the restaurant's exact address ?
it's in muara karang road
to make it easy for me to find it , what is the restaurant close to ?
besida of bank bca
what type of food is sold there ?
lots of japanese food provided
what type of restaurant is this ?
restaurant with casual dining type
can you describe about this restaurant ?
japanese food that all of ingredients are imported from japan and cooked by a japanese chef
how about the price range ?
relatively middle price
is there any number i can contact ?
you can call 817925672
can i ask about another restaurant infomation ?
sure
is there any restaurant located in senopati ?
what type of food di you want ?
any type of food
how about korean food ?
sure , what is the name of the restaurant ?
named young dabang
where is the address of the restaurant ?
jl . senopai no . 80, selong , kota jakarta selatan , daerah khusus ibukota jakarta 12110
where is the exact location of the restaurant ?
beside of bumbu satu restaurant
what kind of food sold there ?
casual dining
can you describe more about the restaurant ?
our fried chicken is taken from organic chiken combined with originial korean sweet and spicy seasoning
how about the price range ?
high price range
how about the price range ?
high price range
is there any number can i contact ?
you can call 817990998
okay thank you fro your information .
is there anything else that i can help ?
enough thank you
okay then , thank you for contacting us , good afternoon
hello , good afternoon
hello , is there something we could help ?
im looking for a restaurant to have dinner later , do you have any recommendation for me ?
are you interested in indonesiaan menu ?
of coursse
we recommend rasaku
where is the address ?
is at mall puri lobby 1st floor
so it is exaclty at mall puri indah ?
yes thats correct
what menu does they provide there ?
from dessert cendil to tumpeng nasi kuning menu
is it suitable for foreigner ?
very suitable
is the price low ?
yes thats correct
do you have the restaurant telephone number ?
817876909 is available
alright , i will call to make reservation to have dinner later
alright , is there anyhing else we could help ?
that will be enough
alright thank you for calling us
your welcome
good day
Hello good morning
Hello , good morning
I want to ask for restaurant reccomendation in kelapa gading
Restaurant for korean food ?
Yes please
I would like to recommend magal mapogalmaegi bbq
Can you please describe the detail about this restaurant ?
Korean bbq for only 110 thousand , serve with many different of meat menu
which level of price snd type for this restaurant ?
It place in the low level
What type of this restaurant ?
It is casual dining type
Okay can i get the restaurant address ?
Jl . Raya gading kirana blok n/28 klp . Gading bar . Kota jkt utara , daerah khusus ibukota jakarta 14240
Okay , where is the restaurant place at ?
It is in front of Telemedia tower
Can i have a number that i can call ?
You can call 877363766
Okay than , thank you for the information
Anything you want to ask ?
No
Thank you for calling us
good morning
morning , how can I help you ?
I am looking for an Asian and western food restaurant
okay , in which area ?
kuningan
for the asian restaurant , you can go to Seasonal Tastes and for western food restaurant , you can go to Ottoman's Coffee Brewers
how much is the price range ?
for which restaurant ?
for Seasonal Tastes
it is middle range price
is it a casual dining restaurant ?
yes the restaurant type is casual dining
okay , can you give me the complete address ?
the address is Kuningan and it is located across the Malaysia embassy
okay , can you explain the restaurant to me so that I can tell my friends about it ?
they serve every Asian food from Indonesian to Indian food
where is it located in ?
it is in Kuningan , across the Malaysia embassy
do you have any number that I can contact ?
their phone number is 866473899, and the location is Jl . H . R . Rasuna Said Karet Kuningan , Kecamatan Setiabudi , Kota Jakarta Selatan , Daerah Khusus Ibukota Jakarta 12940
okay , I will call that number soon
okay , do you need any help for the reservation ?
no it is enough , thank you very much
okay , do you need any more help ?
I will call back after I tell my friends
thank you for calling us , it is a pleasure to help you
hello
good morning , can I help you with anything ?
I want to eat Thai food , are there any restaurants in senopati ?
there is a restaurant called NOBLE by Zan Thai
can I get the full address and its location reference
it is near zen family spa , Jl . Gunawarman , No . 41 South Jakarta , Indonesia to be exact
okay , please describe the restaurant's specialty so that I can believe
the restaurant serves the best authentic Thai food , both non halal and halal food are available
great , there is also non halal food , is the price high ?
it is middle range price
great , is is suitable for casual dining ?
you are right
can the food be deliver to my home ?
yes , you can call 813190890
very well , I want to order now , thank you for the information
is there anything else that I can help you with ?
no
okay , thank you for calling our service , happy to help you
Hello good morning
Morning , anything we can help ?
I want you to recommend me any restaurant
Okay , what type of food would you like to eat ?
Japanese
We recommend shabu gin restaurant
Can you please describe about the restaurant ?
Shabu ghin is the one of the japanese restaurant thaf serve all you can eat shabu shabu menu with special beef , premium beef , wagyu beef and premium wagyu beef
Which level Isfor the price estimation ?
The estimate price is middle
What type of restaurant is this ?
It is casual dining
Okay , can i have the location and address of this restaurant ?
The address is in senopati and it is located across kopi janji jiwa
Where is the specific location ?
Jalan wolter monginsidi no 53, petogoganm kebayoran baru , rt . 1/rw . 1,rw . Bar . , kec . Kby . Baru , kota jakarta selatan , daerah khusus ibukota jakarta 12170
Can i have the number that i can call to ?
806020450, for the address jl . Wolter monginsidi no 53 senopati , jakarta
Okay , thank you for the information
Good , anything that i can heLp for the reservation ?
No
Good , anything i can help ?
No thank you
Thank you for calling us , my pleasure to help you
hello
hello , is there anything we can help you with ?
please recommend a good Spanish restaurant
we have BASQUE Bar de tapas
where is the location ?
is it located in kuningan
can you give me the full address also the location of the references ?
it is located in noble haouse building , lantai 8, jl . mega kuningan barat , kuningan , jakarta , it is 200 m from lotte indo makmur building
it is quite near , it is the restaurant really good ?
it is really good
can you describe the overplus of the restaurant ?
serves the best Spanish food with the high quality ingredient
the chef who cooks is really a Spaniards ?
ye its is
okay , it is suitable for casual dining ?
it is really suitable .
how about the price range ?
it is quite high price range
okay , is there any promotion at this month ?
there is for ovo user
thats great , okay I will go there
okay , do you want to make a reservation ?
yes i want
you can do with us or you can call the restaurant's phone number
it is easier to call the restaurant's phone number
okay , is there anything else we can help ?
can you give me the restaurant's phone number ?
it is available in 811224566
okay thank you for the information
thank you for visiting our service , have a good day
hello
hello , is there something we could help ?
is this restaurant service ?
correct
can you make a booking ?
yes we can
is there any asian restaurant in senopati ?
theres a lot , what kind of restaurant do you want ?
the medium price if there is
do you want to eat japanese , thailand , korean , or asian food ?
asian food
you can come to holywings
where is the location ?
gunawarman road no . 46, south jakarta city , daerah khuusus ibukota jakarta 12110
how abut the address
above is the address
where is the area exactly
in front of kfc gunawarman
do they have a telephone number ?
yes there is , 811107115
if i may know what is the theme of the restaurant , good or boring ?
good
how is the description about the restaurant ?
shwoing a restaurant that feel like a second home for the guests
oh like that , what is the type for itself ?
casual dining
alright , thank you for the information
is there anything else we could help ?
no , that enough
alright , than you for calling us
your welcome , enjoy your activites again
hello
hello , anything that we can help ?
i want to ask about a restaurant that is popular these days
well , what restaurant do you want to ask about ?
restaurant near muara karang
there is sushi hero restaurant , casual dining type that serves japan cuisine
where is the address of that restaurant ?
addres in muara karang , it is located beside bank bca , for the exact location it is in jalan raya muara karang
can you describe a bit about this restaurant ?
japanese food that all of the ingredients are imported from japan and cooked by a japanese chef
how about the price range ?
middle price range
does this restaurant provide free wifi service for the customer ?
sure there is free wifi here
is there any number that i can contact ?
you can contact 817925672
can i ask about another restaurant information ?
sure , what restaurant do you want to ask ?
is there a restaurant that is located in senopati ?
sure , japanese restaurant in senopati called okuzono restaurant
where is the address of the restaurant ?
the address is in senopati , located in the westin jakarta lantai 67-69, jl h . r rasuna said , kuningan jakarata 12940
what is this restaurant close to ?
near kuningan city
what type of food is sold there ?
japanese food
can you describe about that restaurant ?
it serves sensational food in the sky tower with a city view in the middle of jakarta
what type of restaurant ?
Fine dining
how about the price range ?
relatively high price
any number that can i contact ?
you can contact 833566272
do they have easy parking lot access ?
for sure easy to park
okay thank you for your infomation
is there anything else i can help you with ?
enough thank you
well , thank you for contacting us and enjoy your activities
good morning
hello , good morning
i want to eat japanese food , can you recommend any japanese restaurant that has a complete menu
i recommend shabu ghin
what kind of concept is the japanese restaurant
shabu ghin is one of the only japanese restaurant that serves all you can eat shabu shabu with the option of special beef , premium beef , wagyu beef and predmium wagyu beef
wow an all you can eat restaurant , what type of restaurant is it
the restaurant is a casual dining type
okay , what about the price range in the restaurant
the price range is middle
do they sell sushi and ramen
they dont serve sushi and ramen
oh , what about the location of the restaurant
the restaurant is located in senopati
what is the full address of the japanese restaurant
Jl . Wolter Monginsidi No . 53 , Senopati , Jakarta
i think i know the road . where do you think it is
i think it is near janji jiwa coffee house
oh yea i know i have had coffee in janji jiwa . if i want to eat at the restaurant should i reserve a place first
you can reserve or not , although the restaurant is always full
if i want to eat there during the weekend will it always be full
good morning
hello is there anything we can help you with
is this restaurant service
yes
yeah
anything we can help you with
no i am looking for a restaurant
what type of restaurant are you looking for
italian
for which area
is there
for which area
i asked if there is any italian restaurant
no
what about indonesian restaurant
there is
in which area
which area do you want to eat in
senopati
sorry there is none in that area
in which area will there be
puri mall
where is the specific area
inside puri mall
description of the restaurant
the restaurant focus on traditional indonesian food that is suitable for locals and foreigners
whats the type of the restaurant
dinner
price range
considered low
hotel phone number
817876909
okay thank you for the information
are you guys willing to come to our restaurant
yes i am willing
how many will you come with
5 people
just for your information if you bring your lover you will get a discount
oh like a couple promo
yes youre right
okay i will bring my partner
okay anything else we can help you with
thats enough
thank you for contacting us
good afternoon
good afternoon
hello , is there anything that i can help ?
i am looking for the closest restaurant from me
for what area ?
around kuningan area
okay wait a minute
okay i will wait
are you interested in asian cuisine ?
yes , what restaurant ?
we recommend seasonal tastes restaurant
what kind of asian food ?
this restaurant serves asian food starting from indonesian food all the way up to indian food
where is the exact location ?
the restaurant is located in front of malaysia's embassy
can i have the full address of the restaurant ?
the address is at Jalan mangku bumi no 19
okay , can i make a . reservation ?
yes
can i book it through here ?
you can book it from here or you can also contact 866473899
i will order it from here then , on behalf of Dina
okay , for when ?
for thursday
what time ?
what time will it open ?
it will be open from 10.00
okay , i will order for 11 o'clock then
okay , for how many people ?
5 people
okay , you can come at that time , anything else that we can help ?
oh yeah , this is casual dining restaurant right ?
yes
what is the price range of the restaurant ?
the price range is still affordable , not too expensive
so around the middle price range right ?
yes
okay thank you for the information
sorry , for the address , this is the correct version Jl . H . R . Rasuna Said karet Kuningan , Kecamatan Setiabudi , Kota jakarta Selatan , daerah khusus ibu kota jakarta 12940
is it located in front of the malaysian embassy ?
yes
okay then
anything else that i can helop ?
no
okay , thank you for calling us
you are welcome
good afternoon
good afternoon
Good afternoon
Good afternoon , anything I can help you with ?
I'm looking for a restaurant that focuses on traditional Indonesian cuisine that suits both Indonesians and foreigners , is there a place like that ?
Yes there is
Can you tell me what restaurant that is ?
Rasaku restaurant
What kind of food do they serve over there ?
Indonesian food
Oh okay , how much is the price range ?
It's quite cheap
Actually what type of restaurant is it ?
They serve dinner there
Where is it located ?
Inside Puri Indah mall
In which side ?
In the lobby on the first floor
Oh okay , How do I book a spot ?
You can call the restaurant
Can I have the restaurant's number ?
The address is at Puri mall and the phone number is 817876909
Okay thank you for the info . I will contact them through the phone number later
anything else you'd like to ask ?
nothing , that would do
Thank you for contacting us , we're happy to be of help
good morning
good morning , how can I help you ?
can you recommend me a good restaurant in senayan ?
we recommend bread life
can you give me the details about the restaurant ?
this restaurant serves Quick Bites and the breads are homemade and freshly baked every day
what is their price range ?
they are quite cheap , starting from 10.000
I think I am interested , can I get the complete address ?
it is across koi kanji aiwa Jl . Wolter Monginsidi No . 53, Senopati , Jakarta
is there any number that I can contact ?
you can contact 812703572
okay , can I make a reservation here ?
yes you can
okay , what are the best-selling food here ?
ginger bread with coffee sprinkles and butter at each corner
okay , I want to order for 2 people
okay , for what day and what time ?
for Thursday at 1 pm
okay , under whose name ?
under the name Dandy Wicaksono
okay , you can come by that time
okay , I will come on time
is there anything else that we can help ?
I think that's it , thank you very much
okay , thank you for calling our customer service , it has been a pleasure to help you
morning
good morning , can i help you ?
i want to order a restaurant
okay , what kind of food do you want ?
where is the good western restaurant ?
we recommend you a restaurant called Fedwell
where is it ?
located at senopati , 200 metres from montys restaurant and located at jl . rajasa III no . 7, selog , kota jakarta selatan , daerah khusus ibukota jakarta 12110
what kind of food do they serve ?
western food
any recommendation for some delicious menu ?
description of this restaurant: a restaurant with minimalist building and design . for those who want to try healthy food you can come and visit us . every ingredients is cooked by grilled or steamed . and we recommend you our salad
does the restaurant have good interior ?
yes
do they have wifi ?
there is wifi there .
what about the price range ?
middle range
what type of restaurant it is ?
casual dining
do they have parking area ?
of course there is parking area
is it big or not ?
very big
can i reserve for birthday party ?
sure
i want to reserve for 20 person
sure can
oke then , i want to reserve
okay , on behalf on whom ?
on behalf of viva
for when the reservation is ?
on sunday
okay , what payment you want to go through ?
by ovo
okay , any email we can contact ?
vivaskincare@gmail . com
we will send the payment confimation and table number to your email
okay , thank you
is there anything we can help ?
nothing
thank you for calling us , we love to help you
your welcome
Good afternoon
Good morning how can we help
Good afternoon
Hello anything we can help you with ?
I'd like to have lunch later can you please help me to find the nearest restaurant from my office ?
Hello
For which area ?
Senopati
Give me a minute , i'll search for you
great
For senopati area you can go to Holywings
What kind of food do they have over there ?
Presenting a restaurant that feels like the customers' second home
Which area exactly is it in ?
It's in front of Gunawarman KFC
Can you please tell me the full address as well as a number I can contact ?
Jl . Gunawarman No . 46 Selong , South Jakarta , Jakarta Special capital region 12110
How much is the price range ?
It's considered as middle
great
any other inquiries ?
no thanks
good afternoon
good afternoon , is there something we could help ?
is this the restaurant service ?
sure , is there something we could help ?
im looking for a restaurant
for which area ?
tanjung duren
you can come to mangkok ku restaurant , they served asian and indonesian food
what is the restaurant type ?
the restaurant type is quick bites , with a low price
how much is the price ?
the price is low
where is the restaurant address ?
the address is at tajung duren , the location is tanjung duren raya road , tj . duren sel . , kec . grogol petamburan , west jakarta city , daerah khusus ibukota jakarta 11470
near what area ?
the area is behind rumah makan pilar minang
is there any telephone number ?
you can contact to this phone number 856463001
what is the description of the restaurant
this restaurant served dishes with a bowl . the price they offer is very cheap
alright , thank you for the information
alright , is there something else we could help ?
thats enough
thank for calling me and enjoy your activities again
good afternoon
hello , good afternoon
im looking for a restaurant that is focusing on traditional indonesia food that fits people from outside and inside indonesia
alright , i recommend rasaku restaurant
which area is that ?
for this restaurant is located in mall puri
oh is inside mall puri indah , what is the benchmark ?
the benchmark is in lobby 1st floor
okay , so the food they served is indonesian dish right ?
yes , very correct
how much is the price ?
the price is low
what is the type for the restaurant ?
this restaurant type is dinner
what time does the restaurant open ?
the restaurant open at 17.30 evening
oh i see , if i want to book a seat , can do it here or through a phone ?
you can contact the available restaurant number
what is the number ?
the number you can contact is 817876909
okay , thank you for the information . i will call again with that telephone number
alright , anything else we could help ?
thats enough , thank you
alright , your welcome
good afternoon
afternoon , can I help you with anything ?
I am currently in MH thamrin , is there any nice restaurant ?
there is Li Feng restaurant there
what kind of restaurant is that ?
is serves asian food
where is the restaurant located ?
the restaurant serves Chinese food with a luxurious concept and using the best ingredient
what is the address ?
in Mandarin Oriental Hotel , Jl . Send . Sudirman , Central Jakarta City , Jakarta 10310
which area ?
it is near the hotel Indonesia roundabout
what is the estimated price ?
it is a high range price restaurant
what type of restaurant is it ?
a dinner restaurant
what is the phone number to do booking ?
you can contact 280602045
thank you for the recommendation
is there anything else that I can help you with ?
no
okay then , thank you for contacting us , good afternoon
good afternoon
hello is there anything i can help you with
do you have a recommendation for a good restaurant
for which area
Tebet area
Sorry , i dont have any for tebet area
What about menteng area
none
what about senopati area
I have
which good restaurant
for what style of cuisine
Japanaese cuisine
You can go to okuzono
What type of restaurant is it
Its casual dining
What is the price rang
Middle range
Is the place spacious
Quite spacious
Is it enough for a birthday party
Yes it is
enough for 20 people
yes it is big enough
Is there a smoking room
Yes there is
What is the price range
Mid range
What is the restaurant like
Okuzono japanese dining has an authentic izakaya concept that shows an open kitchen , zen garden , tatami area and a unique mezzanie style seating area
Do you have any food reccomendation
for the menu can we see it from the zomato app
where is the location
Jl . Suryo No . 1, RW . 3, Rw . Bar . ,Kec . Kby . Baru , South Jakarta , Daerah khusus ibukota jakarta 12180
where is the area
its near abuba steak
can you please help me to book for 20 people
you can contact 811180958
okay , thank you
is there anything else i can help you with
no
okay thank you for contacting us
Good afternoon
Hello , good afternoon
Is this restaurant customer service ?
Yes it is
I am looking for a restaurant
What type of restaurant do you want ?
Is there any Asian restaurant ?
I would recommend Li Feng
Where is the address ?
The location is in MH Thamrin
which area is it close to ?
It is located around bundaran hotel indonesia
Is there any description about the restaurant ?
The restaurant serves chinese cuisine with the best ingridients and luxury concept
What type of restaurant ?
It is fine dining
Any estimation price ?
High range price
What is the restaurant signature dish ?
The signature disg is fennel root salad
What is the restaurant phone number ?
You can call to 280602045
Okay , thank you for the information
Is there anything that you want to ask ?
Okay that's enough
Thank you for calling us
hello good afternoon
hello anything we can help for you ?
i want recommendation for a restaurant
for which area ? z
kuningan
you can go to seasonal tastes
what type of food is this restaurant ?
asian food
i am looking for a western food restaurant , is there any ?
what type of foood ?
western food
there is BEAU Bakery
is it in kuningan area ?
no , in senopati
very far , is there any western food restaurant in kuningan ?
no
okay can you explain a bit about BEAU bakery ?
they serves the best baked bread because it's made form fresh ingredients
what is the price range for this restaurant ?
middle
what type of restaurant ?
cafe
where is the restaurant located ?
jl . cikajang no . 31 petogogan , kota jakarta selatan , daerah khusus ibukota jakarta 12170
what is this restaurant close to ?
across cut the crab restaurant
may i ask for telephone number i can contact ?
you can contact 275174544
okay , thank you for your information
anything else that we can help ?
no
thank you for contacting us
hello good afternoon
hello good afternoon
i want to ask for a restaurant recommendation
okay , in what are do you want it ?
kuningan
what type of food do you want ?
japanese food
well , i recommend a restaurant called Henshin-the westin
can you explain about this restaurant ?
well . this is s restaurant that serves food in the sky tower with a city view in the middle of jakarta
what is the price range for this restaurant ?
well , for the price range is high
what type of restaurant ?
for the type is fine dining
where is the location of the restaurant ?
the location is in the westin jakarta , lantai 67-69, jl , h . r . rasuna said , kuningan , jakarta 12940
what is this restaurant close to ?
this restaurant is near kuningan city
may i ask for telephone number that i can contact ?
well , this is the telephone number that you can contact 833566272
okay thank you for the information
okay , you are welcome , anything else that i can help ?
no
thank you for contacting me
hello , good afternoon
hello is the something we could help ?
i am in senopati and looking for a nearby restaurant , what do you think is good ?
what kind of food do you want ?
maybe korean foods
maybe you will like young dabang
where is that restaurant ?
senopati road no . 80, selong , south jakarta city , daerah khusus ibukota jakarta , 12110
is is beside bumbu satu restaurant ?
correct
what food does they provide ?
they offer authentic korean soulfood with a variety soju choices making sure a good time every time you came here
alright , what is the right time go there at lunch or casual dining ?
casual dining
is the price quite expensive ?
correct
how much high is the price ?
100.000-700.000
is there a reservation system before you came ?
yes there is
do you have the restaurant telephone number ?
you can call 856463001
alright , thank you for the recommendation
anything else we could help ?
that will be enough
alright thank you for calling us
your welcome
good afternoon .
good morning , is there anything we can help you with ?
do you know bokchon chicken restaurant ?
it is available in pluit junction
what kind of food do they serve ?
they serve breakfast menu
where is the location ?
5 floor in front of the cinema
the address ?
it is located in jakarta utara pluit village
what kind of food ?
they serve fried chicken , their chickens are organic and combined with sour and sweet or spicy sauce original from Korea
what is the price range ?
it is pretty high price range
is it Korean food ?
yes it is
where can I book a reservation ?
you can book the reservation in here
I want to book a table for 10 peoples at 17.00 today , on the name of ms Tika
for how many people ?
for 10 peoples
okay , you can come at that time .
can you give me the restaurant's phone number for further information ?
yes the number is 817990998
thank you for your help
is the anything else we can help ?
no
thank you for visiting our service , have a good day
Hello good morning
Hello , good morning
I want to ask for restaurant recommendation
What kind of restaurant would you like ?
Indonesian food type of restaurant
I would recommend rasaku
Can you please describe more about this restaurant ?
Our restaurant focus on indonesian tradisional food that suit for indonesian and foreigner
Which level is the estimation price in ?
The estimation price is low
What type of restaurant is this ?
It is dinner type of restaurant
Can i ask for the restaurant location ?
The restaurant is in puri mall
Is it inside the Mall puri indah ?
Yes it's inside the mall puri indah
Where is the restaurant at ?
It is in the first floor lobby
Can i have a number that i can call ?
You csn csll 817876909
Okay thank you
Anything that i can help ?
No
Thank you for calling us
good afternoon
good afternoon , can I help you with anything ?
I want to eat Korean food , is there any recommendation ?
we recommend bokchon chicken
where is the address ?
pluit junction 5th floor across cinema in north Jakarta plait village
is it a good restaurant ?
we always recommend the best restaurant
can you describe their specialty ?
we use organic chicken and they are cooked with either sweet and sour sauce or the spicy sauce from Korea
interesting , it specializes on fried chicken right ?
yes you are right
my apartment is near the restaurant , can I have breakfast there ?
this restaurant actually is a breakfast restaurant and their price range is high or expensive
it is okay I have a lot of money , then can I have their phone number in case one day I want to order their food and deliver it to my house
you can call 817990998
okay thank you , I will have breakfast there tomorrow
can I help you with anything else ?
no , thank you
thank you for calling us , it is a pleasure to help you
Hello
Hello , is there anything I can help you with
Can you recommend a good restaurant to me
where are you
I am in Pantai Indah Kapuk
I recommend Pasta Marche , its a western style restaurant
Around what area is that
its across Tzu Chi
Can you give me the full address
Jl . Pantai Indah Kapuk , RT . RW . 2, Kamal Muara , Kec . Penjaringan , Kota Jkt Utara
Can you describe what the restaurant looks like
with the nutritious food and unique concept of the restaurant , this Swiss originated restaurant can be a place where you hang out with your friends and families .
who do i contact if i want to reserve a place
you can call 812345765
what is the price range of the restaurant
low
is this restaurant casual dining , breakfast , lunch , dinner , fine dining or a cafe
this restaurant is for breakfast
can i get a discount if i use gopay
there is a 40% cashback
if i bring babies will there be baby chairs
of course there will
can i takeaway the food in this restaurant
takeaway is available
okay , thankyou
Thankyou for contacting us , we are happy to help
you are welcome
hi
hello , good afternoon
can you recommend me any Spanish restaurant in kuningan ?
yes , I recommend BASQUE Bar de Tapas
where is it located ?
where is it located ?
it is located in Noble House Building , Pantai 8, Jl . Mega Kungingan Barat , Kuningan , Jakarta
is it located 200 meters from Lotte into makmur building ?
yes you are right
what are the type of food served in that restaurant ?
this restaurant serves the best Spanish food with the best ingredient
what type of restaurant is this ?
it is a casual dining restaurant
what is the estimated price for the menu ?
it is a high range price restaurant
is there any number that I can call ?
yes you can call 811224566
okay , thank you very much
sure , is there anything else that I can help you with ?
no , that is enough
okay , happy to help , thank you for calling
good afternoon
good afternoon , is there something we could help ?
is this the restaurant service ?
alright , which restaurant area do you want ?
im looking for a restaurant
which area are you at ?
bekasi
please wait a moment
is there something ?
which exact location of bekasi are you at ?
tirta utama road no . 8, bantargebang , kota bks , Jawa BArat 17151
you can stay at harris hotel in pekayon area
hotel ?
yes correct hotel
good morning
good morning , is there anything we can help you with ?
is this a restaurant service ?
thats right
is there any Japanese restaurant ?
it is available in kuningan , senopati and muara karang
what is the name of the restaurant in senopati ?
it is called Okuzono
how about the one in kuningan ?
it is called Hensin-The Westin
how about in muara karang ?
it is called sushi hiro
can you describe sushi hiro ?
this restaurant serves casual dining , the ingredients of all our Japanese food is import ed from japan and cooked by our Japanese chef
okay , where is the area ?
located in muara karang next to BCA bank
where is the location ?
located in jalan raya muara karang no 201
okay , what is the price range ?
middle price range staring from 40.000
okay , what time will the restaurant open ?
it opens at 10.00
when is the closing time ?
at 22.00
okay , is the menu all Japanese food ?
that is right .
okay , do you have the telephone number of the restaurant ?
this is the number 817925672
okay , can I make a reservation by phone ?
yes you can .
okay , thank you
is there anything else that we can help you with ?
no , thank you for your help
thank you for visiting our service , have a good day
your welcome , good morning
hello , good morning
hello , can i help you ?
i'm looking for a cafe in bekasi nearby , can you recommend me some ?
you can go to Little Talk Coffee
where's the cafe at ?
jl . tirta utama no . 8, Bantargebang , Kota Bks , Jawa Barat 17151
is it right that the cafe located at jalan raya tirta utama ?
right
what kind of food they serve ?
this cafe has asian and western concept , they serve various snacks and coffee
how about the price range ?
quite cheap
is the cafe open everyday ?
right
do you have contact number for the cafe ?
we have
can i get the contact number ?
here is the number 845876542
okay , thank you very much
are you interested to visit our restaurant ?
of course
with how many person will you come ?
about 4 person
oh too bad . we are having a promo if you come with your couple
unfotunately i don't have a partner yet
better you looking for a partner so you can get the promo
okay , i'll go there again if i already have a partner
okay , anything else i can help ?
no
okay , thankyou for calling us
your welcome
good morning
hello , can i help you ?
i'm looking for a korean restaurant in senopati area , any recommendation ?
wait a moment , i'll look for it
okay , i'll wait
there is magal mapogalmegi BBQ for korean food in senopati area
where is it ?
jl . senopati no . 60, selong , kota jakarta selatan , daerah khusus ibukota jakarta , 12110
in which area ?
200 meters from anomali coffe
what's the concept ?
korean bbq with ala carte menu and non halal menus , served with fresh good quality meat
what type of restaurant is that ?
casual dining
what about the price range ?
middle range
is there any contact number for reservation ?
yes , we have
what is the contact number ?
you can contact 217398350
is there a certain menu that can be recommended ?
for the menu you can look for it from the zomato app
thank you so much
are you interested to come to our restaurant ?
yes i am
with how many person you will come ?
i will come with my family , 5 of us .
okay , just for your information , if you come with your partner , you will get a promo price
okay , thank you for the information
anything else that we can help ?
no
okay , thank you for calling us
Good afternoon .
good afternoon , can we help you ?
What is this service about ?
restaurant service
about all Indonesian restaurants ?
right , the ones located in Indonesia
is it only for Jakarta area ?
there are several in other areas such as Bekasi
oh like , is there any information about what kind of food the restaurant serves ?
Asian , Western food and so on
Is there Japanese food ?
Of course
Which areas have Japanese food ?
Senopati , Muara Karang and Kuningan
Which one has a . high price range ?
The one in Kuningan , Hensin - The Wstin
IS the food good ?
We recommend the best food , but still it depends on your preference
You're right , what type of restaurant is it ?
Fine Dining
Which are is it in ?
The Westin Jakarta , 67 - 69th floor , H . R . Rasuna Said street , Kuningan , Jakarta 12940 near Kuningan city kuningan area
Do you have their phone number ?
Please contact 833566272
Are there any promos in that restaurant ?
There is a promo if you use your fiesta point from your mandiri credit card
But what's the description ?
Serving sensational sky tower dining with a city view in the middle of Jakarta
Which side is the area ?
Near Kuningan city , Kuningan
Alright , that's all I want to know
Anything else we can help you with ?
nope , that's it
Thank you for contacting us , we're happy to help .
You're welcome
hello , good afternoon
hello , good afternoon , is there anything that i can help ?
i want to ask for a restaurant recommendation
okay , for what type of restaurant do you want ?
indonesian food
okay , i recommend Rasaku restaurant
can you explain me a bit about the restaurant ?
okay , Rasaku is a restaurant that serves traditional indonesian food that can be enjoyed for both domestic and international visitors
what is the price range of this restaurant ?
is it considered as low category
what type of restaurant is this ?
this is a dinner type of a restaurant
where is the location of this restaurant ?
this restaurant is located in the puri indah mall
where is the restaurant located next to ?
this restaurant is on the first floor lobby
okay , how about the full address ?
the address is in the puri mall
the telephone number that i can contact ?
okay , this is the contact number 817876909
okay , thank you for the information
okay , thank you for calling
hello good afternoon
hello , good afternoon , is there anything that i can help ?
i want to ask for a restaurant recommendation
okay , for what area ?
kuningan
okay , for what type of food do you want ?
japanese food
okay , i recommend Hensin-The Westin
can you describe the restaurant ?
okay , Hensin-The Westin is a restaurant that serves food on the sky tower with a city view that is located in the middle city of Jakarta
what is the price range of this restaurant ?
is it considered as high
what type of restaurant is this restaurant ?
it is a fine dining restaurant
where is the location of this restaurant ?
it is located in The Westin Jakartam Lantai 67-69, Jl . H . R . Rasuna Said , Kuningan , Jakarta 12940
okay , what is this restaurant located next to ?
this restaurant is located near kuningan city
okay , thank you for the information
okay , you are welcome
oh sorry , is there any number that i can contact ?
this is the contact number 833566272
okay thank you
okay , you are welcome
Good afternoon
Hello how can we help you ?
What is this service about ?
Restaurant serice
Oh I see , Is it only for Jakarta ?
yes
What kinds of food are available ?
All kinds of restaurants are available starting from indonesian , asian and western
Wow it's really easy to find the restaurants that we want huh ?
exactly
What about Japanese food , is it available ?
We recommend Okuzono
In which area is it ?
In Senopati
Oh , I see , it's in Senopati
yes
Is the food good ?
Really delicious
are there promos ?
there is , for OVO users
Only for OVO ?
yes
Where is it located ?
Near abuba steak
where is the address ?
It's in Jl . Suryo No . 1, RW . 3, Rw . Bar . , Kec . Kby . Baru , Kota Jakarta Selatan , Daerah Khusus Ibukota Jakarta 12180
DO you have their phone number ?
here 811180958
How can the restaurant be described ?
Okuzono Japanese Dining is an authentic Izakaya concept that displays a full open kitchen , Zen garden , tatami area and unique mezzanine seats .
what type of restaurant is it ?
Casual dining
How much is . the price range ?
Middle range
Okay alright
Would you like to make a reservation ?
No , I will go straight to the location
Alright anything else we can help you with ?
no thanks that would sufffice
Alright thank you for contacting our service , have a . good day
You're welcome , have a nice day
good morning
good morning , how can i help you ?
i'm looking for an asian restaurant in senopati nearby , can you help me ?
okay , we recommend you Holywings restaurant .
where it the address ?
it is at senopati , in front of kfc gunawarman , and located at jl . gunawarman no . 46 selong , kota jakarta selatan , daerah khusus ibukota jakarta 12110
what is the concept of restaurant ?
it is a restaurant that gives guests a sensation of their second home
what is the price range ?
middle range
what type of restaurant is this ?
casiual dining
can you help with the reservation ?
it is at senopati , in front of kfc gunawarman , and located at jl . gunawarman no . 46 selong , kota jakarta selatan , daerah khusus bukota jakarta 12110
what is the contact number of the restaurant ?
okay , we can help for reservation or you can contact 811107116
okay , thank you for recommendation .
okay , do you need help for the reservation ?
i want to make a reservation for 5 person at 12 september 2019 on behalf of rina
okay , for what time ?
20:00
do you have email ?
you can email me at rinrina@gmail . com
okay , we will send the payment confirmation and the table number to your email
thank you for your help
anything else we can help ?
no thank you
thank you for calling us , we are happy to help you
good morning
good morning , is there anything we can help you with ?
is this a restaurant service ?
yes it is .
is there any western restaurant ?
available in emporium pluit and pantai indah kapuk
what is it called in emporium pluit ?
it is called morzino
how about in pantai indah kapuk ?
it is called pasta town
okay , where is the location of pasta town ?
it is in front of Tzu chi school
in what street ?
exactly in jalan pantai indah kapuk no 90
what type of restaurant is it ?
this restaurant serves a breakfast menu
okay , can you describe it ?
our restaurant using a simple ingredient and without MSG
okay , what is the price range ?
low price range starts from 20.000
okay , when is the opening hour ?
at 8.00
when is it closed ?
closed at 12.00
at 12 noon ?
exactly .
okay , do you have the telephone number ?
available in 812345765
okay , can I book a reservation by phone ?
yes you can .
okay thank you
is there anything else we can help you with ?
no thank you
thank you for visiting our service , have a good day
hello , good morning
hello , how can i help you ?
i'm looking for a cafe nearby senopati area , any recommendation for me ?
okay , there is a restaurant type of cafe , named BEAU bakery
where is the address ?
it is at senopati , in the area across the cut the crab restaurant , located in Jl . cikajang No . 31,Petogogan , Kota Jakarta Selatan , Daerah Khusus Ibukota Jakarta 12170
ok , is it western food ?
right
what kind of dishes do they serve ?
they serve the best toast because they made it from fresh ingredients
how abaout the price range ?
middle price range
is the cafe open everyday ?
yes
okay , do you have the cafes contact number ?
275174544
okay , thankyou for recommendation
okay , do you need a help for reservation ?
sure
okay , for how many people ?
for 4 people
okay , reservation onn behalf of whom ?
Windy
what day and date is the reservation for ?
sunday , 7 october
okay , how do you want to pay it ?
can i pay cash at the cafe ?
sure can
okay , i'll pay by cash then
okay , do you have email ?
windyyy@gmail . co
the confirmation and table number will be send it to your email
okay , i'll wait
is there anythinng else i can help ?
no
thankyou for calling us , we love to help you .
your welcome
good afternoon
hello , good afternoon
is this the restaurant service ?
yes , correct
im looking for a restaurant
alright , what restaurant do you want ?
bekasi area
alright , i recommend little talk coffee restaurant
what is the restaurant description ?
alright , this restaurant concept is asian and western that served a variaty of snacks and coffee
what is the type of the restaurant ?
the type of the restaurant is cafe
how much is the price ?
the price for this restaurant is low
where is the location of the restaurant
the location is at tirta utama road no . 8, bantargebang , kota bks , Jawa Barat 17151
near what area ?
the location is at raya tirta utama road
is there any phone number ?
the number you can call is 845876542
alright , thank you for the information
alright , your welcome
hi
hello , good afternoon
can you help recommend a korean food restaurant in senopati ?
yes , I recommend Magal Mapogalmegi BBQ restaurant
can you tell me the complete address ?
sure , it is Jl . Senopati No . 60, South Jakarta , Daerah Khusus Ibukota Jakarta 12110
what kind of Korean restaurant is it ?
it is a Korean bbq restaurant with an ala carte and non-halal menu , it serves fresh high quality meat
oh , is it located 200 meters from Anomali coffee ?
yes , you are right
how much is the estimated price for the menu ?
it is a middle range price restaurant
okay , is it a casual dining restaurant
yes , it is a casual dining restaurant
is there any number that I can contact to do a reservation ?
is there any number that I can contact to do a reservation ?
yes you can call 217398350
okay , thank you
okay , thank you
you are welcome , is there anything else that I can help you with ?
no
okay , thank you for calling
hello ?
good afternoon , is there anything that we can help ?
im in mh thamrin can you recommend me a good restaurant ?
what type of food do you want ?
i want asian food
okay i recommend you kam roast restaurant
what kind of restaurant is that ?
asian restaurant
what is the restaurant close to ?
plaza indonesia third floor
where is is located at ?
Mh thamrin
can you describe a bit about the restaurant ?
it is one of the restaurant that received a michelin star label in hongkong , in this restaurant all of the menus are cooked through a roasting process , especially the duck
if i want to make a reservation where can i contact ?
817225664
how about the price range of this restaurant ?
middle
is this a casual dining restaurant , breakfast , lunch/dinner , or fine dinning or cafe restaurant ?
this type of restaurant is for lunch
can i get a discount if i use gopay ?
yes there is a 20% cashback
will there be a baby chair if i bring my child there ?
there are 5 chairs
okay , can i bring food at the restaurant back home ?
of course there is take away
can i have the full address ?
plaza indonesia , 3rd floor , jl mh thamrin , thamrin , jakarta
thank you for your information
thank you for contacting us , glad to help you
good morning
hello , can I help you with anything ?
I want to eat Spanish food
which area ?
in kuningan
you can try BASQUE Bar de Tapas
the name itself sounds luxurious , are the prices high ?
yes it is
okay , is the restaurant suitable for casual dining ?
yes it is
I am curious , can you describe the specialty of the restaurant ?
they serve the best Spanish food with the best ingredient
great , can I order food to be delivered to my house ?
yes you can
can I get the restaurant's phone number that I can contact ?
you can call 811224566
okay , can I also have their complete address ?
Noble House Building , 8th floor , Jl . Mega Kuningan Barat , Kuningan , Jakarta
what is it close to ?
200M from lotte indo makmur building
okay , then I will get ready to go there
are you interested to come to our restaurant ?
yes , I am getting ready to go there now
how many people are coming ?
only me myself
how unfortunate , if you come with your partner you can get a promo
my partner was stolen by my friend so I am planning on being alone at the moment . oh right , can I book a place here ?
how unfortunate , you can contact V
okay I will contact
813190890
okay thank yo for the information , I will book the place by phone
okay , is there anything else that I can help you with ?
no
okay thank you for contacting us
Hello good morning
Hello , good morning
I want to ask for restaurant recommendation in kuningan
What kind of restaurant are there ?
Spanish food restaurant
I would recommend basque bar de tapas
Can you please explain more about the restaurant ?
It served the best spanish food with best ingredients
What level of estimation price it is ?
It is high range price
What is the type of this restaurant ?
It is casual dining type
Okay can i ask for the restaurant address ?
Noble house building , 8 floor , jl mega kuningan barat , kuningan , jakarta
What is this restaurant next to ?
200 meter from lotte indo makmur tower
Okay , can i have a number that i can call ?
You can call 811224566
Okay than , thank you for the information
Anythint i can help ?
No
Thank you for calling us
hello , good afternoon
hello , good afternoon , is there something we could help ?
do you no shabu ghin restaurant ?
yes i do , is there something i could help ?
i want to know what is the restaurant provide
alright , shabu ghin is one of japanese restaurant that offer all you can eat shabu shabu menu with the choices of special beef , premium beef , wagyu beef , and predmium wagyu beef
where is the address
alright , the address is at wolter monginsidi road no . 53, senopati , jakarta
is it acrros kopi janji jiwa ?
yes correct
what time does the restaurant open ?
the restaurant opens at 11.00 noon
is it open everyday ?
yes , the restaurant opens everyday
is it suitable for casual dining ?
yes , this restaurant is very suitable
alright , i will try to go there because i am at senopati
alright , good luck
do you have the restaurant telephone number ?
alright , this is the number you can contact 86020450
alright , thank you
alright , your welcome
is the price high ?
for the price is classfied as medium
alright , thank you for you help
hello good afternoon
hello good afternoon
I want a restaurant recommendation
okay , for which area ?
kuningan
what type of food do you want ?
asian food
okay , I recommend Seasonal tastes restaurant
can you explain more about the restaurant ?
okay , this restaurant serves asian food from Indonesia to India
how about the estimation price ?
it is a middle range price restaurant
what type of restaurant is this ?
it is a casual dining restaurant
where is the location of the restaurant
Jl . H . R . Rasuna Said Karet Kuningan , Kecamatan Setiabudi , South Jakarta , Daerah Khusus Ibukota Jakarta 12940
What is beside the restaurant ?
it is beside the Malaysia embassy
can you give me the phone number ?
sure , you can call 866473899
okay thank you
yes you are welcome . is there anything else ?
no
okay , thank you for calling
hello
hello anything that we can help ?
i would like to ask about a restaurant that is popular these days
for which area ?
restaurant around muara karang
there is sushi hiro
where is the exact address for that restaurant ?
jalan raya muara karang
what kind of food is sold there ?
japanese food with ingredients that are imported from japan and cooked by a japanese chef
to make it easy for me to find this restaurant , can you tell me what is this restaurant close to ?
beside of bank bca
it means that the type of food sold is japanese food right ?
true
how about the price range ?
middle
does this restaurant provide free wifi service for customer ?
provide
what type of restaurant is this ?
casual dining
is there a number that i can contact ?
you can contact 8179256732
can i ask about another restaurant ?
yes
is there another restaurant in senopati area ?
yes
what is the name of the restaurant ?
for what type of food ?
any type
there is wa chu want
where is the restaurant address ?
jl . gunawarman no 61 , kota jakarta selatan , daerah khusus ibukota jakarta 12180
what is this restaurant close to ?
the opposite side of le quartier restaurant
what type of food is sold there ?
this resturant comes with a hawker bar concept , have you ever heard restaurant with a hawker bar concept ? hawker concept comes from the center of singapore and hongkong where some vendor of food sell various type of food (usually streed food) with their own speciality (maybe in indonesia more known with food court concept)
could you describe about the restaurant ?
it is what i described earlier
okay , how about the price range ?
relatively low
what type of restaurant ?
it is a quick bites type of restaurant
is there a number that i can contact ?
you can contact 876538118
okay thank you for the information
anything else that we can help ?
no thank you
thank you for contacting me
Good afternoon
Hello , good afternoon
Is this restaurant customer service ?
Yes
I am looking for an indonesian restaurant
I recommend namaz dining
Where is the location ?
It is located in Senopati
What area is the resraurant near with ?
350 meter from holycow steck
The type of restaurant ?
Fine dining restaurant
Estimation price ?
High range price
What is the restaurant phone number ?
You can call 865778885
Good , thank you for the information
Is there anything else that i can help ?
Enough
Thank you for calling us .
hello
hello what can I help you with ?
I want to eat in a Japanese restaurant , please give me a goo restaurant recommendation
for which area ?
muara karang
we recommend sushi hero
can you describe the specialty of the restaurant ?
the ingredients of the Japanese food are all imported from Japan and cooked directly by a japanese chef
interesting , but is it better for dinner or just casual dining ?
just casual dining
is the price high ?
it is middle range price
can I have the address ?
jalan raya muara karang
what is the restaurant close to ?
it is across Tzu chi school
is it really near tau chi school ?
sorry I mean beside BCA bank
okay
is there anything else that I can help you with ?
can I order food to be delivered to my house ?
of course
then can you send me the phone number that I can use to contact the restaurant ?
you can call 817925672
okay , thank you for the information
is there anything else that I can help you with ?
no , that is it
are you interested to come to our restaurant ?
yes I am interested to come with my lover
for those who come with their partner , you can get a promo
good , is the promo valid for all item or only some ?
the discount will be cut 1% from the total price of food that you order later
good , I will come soon with my partner to get that promo
okay , is there anything else ?
no
okay thank you for contacting us
hello , good morning
morning , can i help you ?
i'm looking a restaurant for dinner today , is there any recommendation for me ?
the best restaurant for dinner , we recommend you rasaku
where the restaurant is ?
it is inside mall puri indah lobby lantai 1, precisely at mall puri
is the restaurant serves indonesian food ?
right , this restaurant serves indonesian food
what's the menu ?
hello , good morning
good morning , can i help you ?
i'm looking a restaurant for dinner , do you have recommendation for me ?
we recommend you rasaku restaurant , this restaurant is dinner type restaurant
where there restaurant is ?
mall puri inside mall puri indah , precisely at lobby lantai 1
is the restaurant serves indonesian food ?
right , the restaurant serves indonesian food which is palatable for indonesian people
what kind of dishes they serve ?
masakan tumis kangkung , opor ayam etc
is the food suitable for foreigners ?
i think foreigners will love a rich of herbs and spices kind of food
okay , for what kind of foods included in the expensive price range ?
for the price it's quite cheap
okay , do i need reservation before ?
you can come straight a way or through reservation
okay , do you have the restaurant contact number ?
you've contacted us
just in case for next time reservation
you can do reservation from us .
allright then
is there anything else i can help ?
no
okay , we inform you that our restaurant focus with traditional indonesian food which is very palatable for indonesian people and foreigners
okay , thankyou
thanyou for calling us , we love to help you .
good morning
good morning , is there anything we can help you with ?
is this a restaurant service ?
yes , it is anything we can help ?
can you recommend for the area around bekasi ?
okay , there is a restaurant called Litte talk coffee
okay , what's the type of the restaurant ?
a cafe
in which area ?
in located in jl raya tirta utama
can you be more specific ?
the location is in jl . tirta uatama no 8, bantargebang , kota bks , jawa barat 17151
what kind of food it is ?
asian , western
okay , can you describe it ?
the concept of this cafe is Asian & western serves various snack and coffee
okay , did they have live music ?
of course , they have
what is the price range ?
low price range
when is the open hour ?
13:00-22:00
okay , do you have the phone number ?
it is 845876542
can I book a reservation by phone ?
you can book by phone or through us
okay thank you
okay , do you need any help with the reservation ?
yes , for ms tania
okay , for how many people ?
for 4 peoples
for what day and date do you want to reserve ?
for 12 September 2019, Thursday
okay , how do you want to pay ?
bank transfer
okay , can you give me your email ?
tania55@gmail . com
we will send you the confirmation of the payment and the table number to your email .
okay , thank you
is there anything else we can help you with ?
no thank you for your help
thank you for contacting us , it was a pleasure to help you
hello
hello , is there anything we can help you with ?
can you recommend a restaurant that is appropriate for dinner ?
we recommend rasaku restaurant
where is the location ?
inside mall puri indah
where is the precise location of the restaurant ?
it is located in mall puri and in lobby lantai 1
oh okey , for the food itself it is indonesian food or western ?
Indonesian food
can you describe the overplus of the restaurant ?
our restaurant is focused on traditional Indonesia cuisine and suitable for people from outside and inside of indonesia
how about the price ?
low price range
good , is there any promotion for this month ?
i'm so sorry there is no promotion
it's ok , did they serve a delivery service ?
yes , they serve
can you give me the restaurant's phone number ?
it is 817876909
Okey , thank you for the information
okey , you want us to help you with the reservation ?
yes , I want to book the reservation on 12 at 8 pm
okey , with whom the reservation belong ?
the reservation belongs to Udin
for how many people ?
for 2 peoples
okey , how do you want to pay ?
can I do the payment by Ovo ?
yes you can , do you have email ?
yes I have , it is udinudin@gmail . com
We will send the confirmation payment and the table number to your email
okey , I will wait for the email
Is there anything else we can help you with ?
there's enough , thank you for your help
thank you for contacting us , it was a pleasure to help you .
good afternoon
hello , is there somethig we could help ?
im lokking for a restaurant to have dinner
for which area ?
anywhere , western food if you can please
do you want to eat korean , japanese or thailand food ?
is there a western food ?
no
japanese food then
for which area ?
senopati
you can come to shabu ghin
where is it ?
wolter monginsidi road No . 53 senopati , jakarta
what is the benchmark ?
across kopi janji jiwa
how much is the price ?
classified as medium
can you make a reservation ?
yes you can
how to order it ?
you can call 806020450
can do take a way ?
yes you can
alright , thank you
anything else we could help ?
no
alright thank you for calling us
your welcome
good day
good day
Good afternoon ?
Hello , anything that we can help ?
Is this restaurant customer service ?
Yes it is
I am looking for an asian restaurant
Seasonal tasteterdia
Where is there address ?
it is in kuningan area
Good afternoon
Good afternoon how can we help ?
What is this service about ?
Restaurant service , How can we help ?
are there any Padangnese restaurants ?
We can recommend a restaurant called Rasaku , this restaurant serves authentic Indonesian food including Padangnese food
Oh wow , there is one after all huh
Of course , as per consumer's request
What type of restaurant is it ?
It's a dining restaurant , so it's perfect for nihgtime hunger
Oh yeah , perfect for staying up late
Exactly , but we'd advise you to not stay up late too often and trade more often
Staying up late gets me sick right whereas trading generates cash flow
Exactly , would you like to make a reservation for staying up late later ?
Are there any promos in this restaurant ?
Unfortunately the promo period has ended , there will be another one at the end of the month
Well what can I do , as you know boarding house residents don't have a lot of money
We recommend you to just come at the end of the month
where is the restaurant located ?
It's in Puri mall , to be exact inside Puri mall in the first floor lobby
Initially I wanted to reserve a spot for tonight , but since there's no promos it made me . think twice
Please save up money
Yes , keep saving , what about the address though ?
It's in Puri mall , to be . more precise in Puri Indah mall at the first floor lobby
Do we sit on the floor over there ?
We will provide it for you
wow how nice
because customers are kings
yes that's very right
anything else we can help you with ?
How can you describe the restaurant ?
Our restaurant focuses on traditional Indonesian food that is suitable for both Indonesians and foreigners alike
Is there a phone number ?
You can contact 81876909
Is the price range low or middle ?
The price range is low or cheap , really friendly for dry pockets
Wow , this restaurant is really understanding huh
Precisely , our restaurant is quite popular among students
Shouldn't it be . Mahasisa since there's only leftovers in their wallets ?
Exactly , anything else you'd like to ask ?
No that's it
Thank you for contacting us , we're happy to help
You're welcome
Good afternoon
Hello how can we help ?
Please recommend me a cafe in Senopati
There is BEAU Bakery
How much is it ?
It's medium price range
Give me the full address , area and their phone number
It's in Senopati across Cut the crab restaurant
area
in Jl . Cikajang No . 31,Petogogan , Kota Jakarta Selatan , Daerah Khusus Ibukota Jakarta 12170
Contact number
it's 275174544
okay Thank you
anything else we can help you with ?
nothing else
hello good afternoon
hello , can I help you with anything ?
yes , can you tell me the address of a Korean restaurant in Kelapa Gading ?
Jl . Raya Gading Kirana Block N/28 No . 29 Klp . Gading Bar . Kota Jkt Utara , Daerah Khusus Ibukota Jakarta 14240
what is the location reference ?
in front of telemedia building
what is the name of the restaurant ?
Magal mapogalmaegi BBQ
okay , can you tell me more about the restaurant ?
a 110 thousand Korean BBQ , served with a variety of meat
what is the price range ? low , middle or high ?
it is low-range price
okay , is there nay phone number that I can call ?
you can contact 877363766
okay , thank you for helping
is there anything else ?
no , that's enough
okay thank you for contacting us
hello
good afternoon , is there anything we can help ?
i want to eat japanese food , i am in tebet can you recommend me a good restaurant ?
in tebet , there is a korean food restaurant which is ojju restaurant
okay then , where is it located at ?
in tebet
can i have the full address of the restaurant ?
kota kasablanka , lantai upper ground , food society , jl . casablanca raya , tebet , jakarta
where is it close to ?
kota kasablanka , lantai upper ground food society
what type of food ?
korean food
if you can please describe about the restaurant ?
korean restaurant that serves fried chicken with cheese sauce and they use organic chicken combined with sweet sauce and spices that originally comes from korea
wow sounds delicious , if i want to make a reservation where can i contact ?
you can contact 817990998
is it a casual dining , breakfast , lunch/dinner , or fine dining , or cafe type of restaurant ?
it is a lunch type of restaurant
what is the price range of the restaurant ?
the price is quite high , so if you want to safe money you can eat it with your friend
can i get any discount if i use gopay ?
of course you can get 30% cashback
will there be a baby chair if i bring my child there ?
of course
can i take away the food ?
yes take away is available too
okay thank you for the information
thank you for calling us , it is my pleasure to help you
your welcome
hello
is there anything that i can help ?
im in senopati can you give me recommendation for a good restaurant ?
what type of food do you want ?
i want to eat korean food
okay i recommend you magal mapogalmegi bbq
what is the restaurant close to ?
in front of telemdia building
where is the location ?
in senopati
can i have the full address ?
jl raya gading kirana blok n/28 mo 29 klp gading bar kota jkt utara daerah khuss ibukota jakarta 14240
can you describe the restaurant ?
korean bbq with only Rp 110.000 that serves with many choices of different meat menu
if i want to make a reservation where can i contact ?
you can call 87736766
how about the restaurant's price range ?
low
is this a type of casual dining , breakfast , lunch/dinner or fine dining or cafe restaurant ?
this is a casual dining restaurant
can i get a discount if i pay it using gopay ?
cash back for 30%
will there be a chair for babies if i bring my child there ?
of course
can i bring the food at the restaurant back home ?
yes it is available for take away
okay thank you for your help
thank you for contacting us , happy to help you
your welcome
good afternoon
hello , can I help you with anything ?
can you recommend me an Indonesian food restaurant in senopati ?
there is no Indonesian food restaurant in senopati
so what kind of food are there ?
there are Korean , Japanese , western and asian food
can you recommend me a Korean food restaurant ?
you can go to Young Dabang
what is the complete address of the restaurant ?
Jl . Senopati No . 80, Selong , South Jakarta , Daerah Khusus Ibukota Jakarta 12110
is it beside bumbu satu restaurant ?
yes
what kind of food do they serve there ?
they serve Korean authentic soul food that is served with variety of Soju choices that will give you a good time every time you visit
how much is the estimated price for the menu ?
it is a high range price restaurant
is it a casual dining restaurant ?
yes
is there any number that I can call ?
you can call 85643001
okay , thank you for your help
is there anything else that we can help ?
no
okay thank you for contacting us
good afternoon
afternoon , can I help you with anything ?
I am looking for a restaurant in muara karang
I recommend you to go to sushi hiro restaurant
what kind of restaurant is that ?
all of our Japanese food ingredients are imported from Japan and cooked directly by a Japanese chef
what kind of food do they serve ?
they serve Japanese food
what is the address ?
it is located in jalan raya muara karang
which side is it in ?
it is next to bank BCA
what type of restaurant is it ?
Casual dining
what is the estimated price ?
estimated price
yes , how much ?
middle priced
can you help me book ?
sure , for what date ?
for 16 September 2019, 13:00 o'clock , for 6 people by the name Rina
okay , we have put you on the list , you can come on 16 september 2019 at 13:00 and ask for the table by the name Rina
what is the restaurant phone number ?
please contact 817925672
thank you for the help
are there any other questions ?
no
okay , thank you for contacting us , good afternoon
good morning
hello , is there anything we can help you with ?
is this a restaurant service ?
yes it is
can you help me for a recommendation ?
what kind of restaurant do you want ?
korean food
we recommend bokchon chicken
okay , can you describe it ?
this restaurant serves a breakfast menu and our fried chicken comes from organic chicken combined with sweet and sour or spicy sauce originally from Korea
okay , where is it located ?
it is located in Jakarta Utara pluit village
in which area ?
in pluit junction lantai 5 in front of cinema
okay , what kind of restaurant is it ?
breakfast restaurant
what time is the opening hour ?
at 8.00
what is the price range ?
high price range
okay , can i make a reservation ?
you can do it here
okay , I'd like to book a table for Sunday morning
what time ?
at 8.30
okay , for how many people ?
for 4 people
okay , on behalf of whom ?
on behalf of dewi
okay done , you can come at that time
okay , do I have to pay a down payment ?
no need , is there anything else we can help you with ?
okay , do you have the restaurant's telephone number ?
for further information you can call 817990998
okay , thank you
thank you for visiting our service , we are happy to serve you .
good morning
hello , is there anything we can help ?
i'm looking for japannese restaurant , any recomendation ?
for which area ?
i'm around senopati
i recommend you momo paradise indonesia
where is the restaurant at ?
jl . senopati raya no . 92, senopati , jakarta
in which area ?
near flip burger
what's the restaurant concept ?
it is the most popular shabu shabu restaurant in tokyo and we have 26 outlets in japan
what kind of restaurant is it ?
casual dining
what's the price range ?
quite expensive
where can i make a booking reservation ?
you can call 812888861
thankyou for the recommendation
is there anything else i can help ?
no , thankyou
do you interested to come to our restaurant ?
yes , i am interested to come tomorrow
do you come alone or together ?
i'll come to the three of us
okay , because there is a promo if you come with your partner
thankyou for your information
okay , thankyou for calling us
good afternoon
hello , anything that we can help ?
i want to ask for a restaurant recommendation
for which area ?
kelapa gading
you can go to magal mapogalmaegi bbq
can you please explain about this restaurant ?
it is a korean bbq restaurant with only Rp 110.000 , served with several different meat menu choices
what is the price range for this restaurant ?
relatively low
what type of restaurant ?
Casual dining
What type of food is served in this restaurant ?
korean bbq with the price of only Rp 110.000 , served with several different meat menu choices
which means it is korean food ?
true
where is this restaurant located ?
Jl . raya gading kirana blok N/28 no . 29 Klp . gading Bar . kota jkt utara , daerah khusus ibu kota jakarta 14240
what is this restaurant close to ?
in front of telemdia building
may i ask for a telephone number that i can contact ?
you can contact 877363766
okay , thank you for your information
anything else that we can help ?
no
thank you for contacting me
hello , good afternoon
good afternooon , is there something could help ?
im looking for a restaurant to have lunch , do you have any recommendatin for me ?
alright , which area ?
pluit area
do you want korean food ?
i just want to eat asian food
there is mama's cooking for now
where is the address
pluit villageprecisely on the 2nd floor next to jco
is it correct that you meant pluit village south jakarta
correct
what foods does that restaurant provide ?
our restaurant provide chinese food from all province in China with a unique taste for each place
seem suitable for my lunch
correct very suitable
how much is the price ?
the price is classsified as medium
do you need to make a reserrvation first ?
no you cant , you have to come here
alright , do you have the telephone number for that restaurant
yes i have , 817225664
alright , thank you for the recommendation
alright , anything else i could help ?
that will be enough
alright , thank you . pleasure to help you
you welcome
good afternoon
good afternoon
Hello , good morning
Hello , anything that we can help ?
I am looking on restaurant for lunch , do you have any recommendation for me ?
Okay , do you like asian food ?
Of course
We recommend Mama's cooking
Where is the restaurant located at ?
It's at pluit village 2 floor next to jco
Is it correct it is in north jakarta pluit village ?
Yes , it is located in north jakarta pluit village
What menu do they serve there ?
For lunch , our restaurant we serve chinese food from all provinces in china with unique taste from each place .
Is the estimation price quite pricy ?
The estimation price is middle
Okay , is there any reservation needed before come ?
You can do the reservation here or call 817225664
Okay , thank you for the recommendation
Is there anything that we can help ?
No that's all
Thank you for visiting our service , have a nice day
Your welcome
good afternoon .
hello , is there anything we can help you with ?
I'm looking for a place around pantai indah kapuk , do you have any recommendations ?
pasta town available
where is the location ?
it is located in jalan pantai indah kapuk no 19
which area is it ?
in front of Tzu chi school
what is the concept of the restaurant ?
the concept is the breakfast menu
what is the price range ?
low price range starts from 10.000
what is the restaurant looks like ?
our restaurant used simple ingredients and without MSG
what is the telephone number for delivery ?
available in 812345765
what kind of food did they serve ?
a good quality pasta
thank you for the recommendation
is there anything else we can help you with ?
no thank you
thank you for visiting our service , have a good day
morning
good morning , can i help you ?
any recommendation for a good restaurant ?
sure , what kind of restaurant do you prefer ?
a japannese food restaurant
okay , we recommend you sushi hiro restaurant
what kind of restaurant is it ?
it is a restaurant where all of our ingredients are imported from japan and cooked right away by a japannese chef
so it must be an authentic japannese food right ?
right
where is it ?
at muara karang , beside BCA bank area , and located at jalan raya muara karang
do they have a big parking lot ?
yes , they have
do they have smoking area ?
they have smoking area too
what is the price range ?
middle range
what type of restaurant is it ?
casual dining
any contact number ?
817925672
can i order it through there ?
you can order it from us
do they have delivery service ?
yes they do
okay thank you
okay , do you need any help for the reservation ?
sure can
okay , on behalf of whom ?
on behalf of nino
for how many person ?
for 1 person
what day and date is the reservation for ?
for 13th
okay , which payment method do you want to use ?
by ovo
do you have email ?
no
okay , anything else you want to ask ?
nothing
thank you for calling us , we are happy to help you
morning
good morning , can i help you ?
i want to order a restaurant
okay , what kind of restaurant do you want ?
asian food restaurant
okay , we recommend you holywings restaurant
in which area is it ?
senopati
where is the location ?
located at jl . gunawarman no . 46 selong kota jakarta selatan , daerah khusus ibukota jakarta 12110 and across kfc gunawarman area
what is the price range ?
middle range
what type of restaurant is it ?
casual dining
any contact number ?
811107116
okay thank you
Good afternoon
Good afternoon how can we help
I'd like to drink coffee this afternoon
Great , in which area ?
Senopati Area
Great , there is a restaurant called BEAU Bakery
Yes , I'd like that
Good , it's described as Serving the best baked bread since it's made from fresh ingredients
What about the price range ?
Middle
Any number I can contact ?
275174544
Great , thank you for helping me
good afternoon
hello , is there something i can help ?
im looking for western dish , so the western food restaurant is divides into variaty of meat from burger , bbq , to smoke bbq
alright , i recommend you to go to morzino restaurant
which area is that ?
in south jakarta emporium pluit
oh emporium pluit , where is the location precisely ?
in the 4th floor in the food court
how much is the prcie for this restaurant ?
the price is high
oh i see , what type is that restaurant ?
the type is dinner
how to book a place ?
you can come to the restaurant because we serve a lot of table so you dont have fear about not getting a table
alright , but i just take the phone number
you can call the number 812090878
okay , thank you
is there anything else i can help ?
nothing , that will be enough
alright then , thank you for calling us , good day
good afternoon
good afternoon to you too , can I help you with anything ?
I am looking for a restaurant near mall puri . What do you recommend ?
you can go to rasaku restaurant , it is in the first floor lobby
what restaurant is that ?
it is a dinner restaurant that serves Indonesian food
is it inside puri Indah mall ?
yes , it is located in puri Indah mall
what is the concept of the restaurant ?
our restaurant focuses on Indonesian traditional food that suits people from inside and outside of Indonesia
what is the estimated price ?
it is a low priced restaurant
what is the phone number for ordering ?
you can contact 817925672
thank you for the recommendation
are there anything else that I can help you with ?
no there's nothing else thank you
sure , thank you for contacting me and good day
good afternoon
hello is there anything we can help you with
do you have any recommendations for good restaurant
for which area
senopati area
what kind of cuisine are you looking for
do you have western food
yes we do
which is
you can go to beau bakery
what kind of restaurant is it
they serve the best bread because it is all made from fresh ingredients
where is the location
Jl . Cikajang No31, petogogan , North Jakarta , Daerah khusus ibukota jakarta 12170
which area is it
across the restaurant cut the crab
what is the price range
mid range
what type of restaurant is it
its a cafe
does it only serve bread
yes
is the place spaciouss
spacious
do they have wifi
yes they have
whats their number
275174544
if i want to order do i contact the number
yes
okay , thank you
is there anything else we can help you with
no
okay , thank you or contacting us
good morning
hello , good morning
I am looking for a Japanese restaurant , can you recommend me any good restaurant ?
I recommend Momo Paradise Indonesia
can you describe the restaurant ?
it is the most famous shabu shabu restaurant in Tokyo and we have 26 outlets all over Japan
how much is the estimated price ?
it is a high range price restaurant
okay no problem . is there any number that I can contact ?
you can contact 812888861
I will call it soon , where is the restaurant located ?
it is located in senopati
can I get the full address ?
Jl . Senopati Raya no . 92, Senopati , Jakarta
do they provide casual dining ?
yes they are for casual dining
okay , I will contact the restaurant to ask for more questions
okay , do you want to ask anything else ?
I think it is enough , thank you very much
you are welcome
Hello good morning
Hello
Can you recommend me any favourite western restaurant with the best menu ?
We recommend pasta town
Okay , can you please describe the detail about this restaurant ?
It serve breakfast , and this restaurant use simple ingredients yet no msg
Where is the location of this restaurant ? and can you please write it in detail about the location and the location reference of this restaurant
It is in pantai indah kapuk road no 9 across tzu chi school
What type is the restaurant ? Is it for dinner or casual dining ?
It is breakfast type
Okay , is there any number that i can call for further information for me to make an appointment with the restaurant manager ?
The available number 812345765
Okay , may i know when will the owner visit the restaurant ?
Is there any need that we have to know before ?
I would like to cooperate with this restaurant
I feel sorry , but we cannot give you the detail information , you can call that number for this question
Okay , thank you for your help and information
Anything that we can help ?
No , it is enough . I will cal , the number that you gave me for this project .
Thank you for visiting our customer service , have a nice day
good afternoon
good afternoon , is there anything we can help you with ?
I want to eat Japanese food , any recommendation ?
we recommend suhsi hiro
where is the location ?
the address is in muara karang , besides BCA bank and located in jalan raya muara karang
its pretty far , how about the price ?
it is the average price range
oh okay good , can you describe the overplus of the restaurant ?
ingredient for our Japanese food its all import from japan and directly cooked with our Japanese chef
is the chef who cooks really experienced ?
yes it is
is it Japanese food appropriate for casual dining ?
yes , because this restaurant's type is casual dining .
thats good . I think i will try to eat there
okay , is there any question ?
is there any phone number that I can contact ?
it is 817925672
okay , thank you for the information
okay , do you want us to help you with the reservation ?
yes please
okay , with whom this reservation belong ?
the reservation belongs to sasuke
for how many peoples ?
for 4 peoples , and the date is on 13 at 14.00 if it is still available for that date and time .
okay , it is available .
okay then , if there is any promotion for using BCA debit ?
so sorry , it is not available
its okay then
okay , you want to do the payment using BCA debit ?
thats right
do you have an email ?
yes i have sasukesalto@gmail . com
we will send the confirmation payment and table number to your email .
okay i will wait for the email .
is there anything else we can help you with ?
there is nothing else
thank you for contacting us , it was a pleasure to help you
good afternoon
hello , good afternoon
is this the restaurant service ?
this is a restaurant service , is there anything i can help ?
is there any korean restaurant ?
alright , for which area do you want ?
is there in senopati area ?
alright , there is a korean restaurant in senopati area . for what price do you want ?
do you have medium price ?
yes there is , i recommend magal mapogalmegi bbq
what is the restaurant description like ?
this restaurant provide korean bbq with ala carte and non halal menu , served fresh with quality meat
oh like that , whre is the address ?
the address is at senopati road no . 60, selong , south jakarta city , daerah khusu ibukota jakarta 12110
oh i see , what is the area ?
is 200 m from anomali coffe
do you have the telephone number ?
this is the number you can call 217398350
okay thank you for the information
alright , anything else i can help ?
oh right , what is the restaurant type ?
the type for this restaurant is casual dining
oh casual dining
yes , correct
alright then , thank you
alright , your welcome
okay , thank you , enjoy your activities again
hello
hello is there anything we can help you
i want ask about a restaurant that is popular these days
sure , what restaurant do you want to ask ?
restaurant near senopati
near senopati there is momo paradise indonesia restaurant , they serve japanese food
where is the exact address for the restaurant ?
near flip burger , the location jl , senopati raya no 92, senopati , jakarta
what type of food is sold there ?
they serve japanese food
can you describe about the restaurant ?
it is the most famous shabu shabu restaurant in tokyo and we have 26 outlet all over japan
how about the price range ?
relatively high
does this restaurant provide free wifi services for the customer ?
for sure , they provide free wifi
is there any number can i contact ?
you can contact to 812888861
can i ask about another restaurant information ?
sure , what restaurant do you want to ask ?
is there any restaurant located in mall puri ?
there is rasaku restaurant , serve indonesia food
where is the restaurant address ?
the address is in mall puri , it is on the 1st floor lobby , located inside mall puri indah
what type of food is sold there ?
indonesian food
can you describe about the restaurant ?
our restaurant focuses on indonesian traditional food that is suitable for people from or outside of indonesia
what type of restaurant is this ?
dinner type of restaurant
how about the price range ?
relatively low
is there any number that i can contact ?
you can contact 817925672
do they have an easy parking lot access ?
for sure there it is easy for park there
are there a lot of people that liked this restaurant ?
for sure the demand is really high
okay thank you for your infomation
anything else that we can help ?
enough thank you
well , thank you for contacting us and enjoy your activities
good morning
good morning is there something we can help you with
can you recommend a restaurant for an office dinner
for dinner type of restaurant we suggest rasaku
what type of cuisine does the restaurant serve
they serve indonesian cusine
what type of indonesian food do they serve
they serve tumis kangkung , opor ayam and many more
oh my favorite is sauteed kangkung , for the concept itself what is it like
the focus of the restaurant is traditional indonesian food that is suitable for local or foreigners
will there be lodeh and sayur sop in the menu
of course , this restaurant cooks according to what you want as an indonesian food lover
oh interesting what about the price range of the restaurant what range will it be in
this restaurant price range is said to be low , so you dont have to worry and you can enjoy the food
interesting , our budget is not that big too where is the location of the restaurant
its located in puri mall to be precise on the first floor lobby inside puri mall
okay i will note the location down what day does the location open and what time
it opens everyday from 10:00 to 22:00
okay if i want to reserve a place there do i need to book it a few days prior
not really , you can book it on the day itself or even a few hours before
oh okay , do you have the contact number of the restaurant
you have already contacted us we are the customer service of the restaurant
oh , i just realized then i want to reserve place for saturday at 19:00 on behalf of riani safitri can i
of ccoursse please send me your email
my email is ririanisav@gmail . com what about the payment
okay , we have sent you the payment instruction we hope you pay the down payment of 50,000 as fast as possible
okay i will check the email can i get your number in case i have an inquiries about the reservation time
you can contact us here
oh okay then thank you for the help and information
anything else we can help you with
nope
okay thank you for contacting us we are happy to help
good afternoon
hello , good afternoon , is there something i can help ?
im looking for a restaurant to have lunch
alright , for which area ?
area pantai indah kapuk
alright , i recommend pasta town restaurant
good afternoon
yes afternoon , is there something we could help ?
im looking for a restaurant to have lunch
which area are you at right now ?
im at area pantai indah kapuk
you can come to pasta town restaurant , they served western foods
what restaurant is that if i may know ?
the restaurant type is breakfast , with low price
does the ingredients contain msg ?
some contains msg , some doesnt , do you have a problem with this ?
yes im looking for a simple ingredients and without msg
alright , i recommend to come to this restaurant . the area is across tzu chi school , the exact location is pantai indah kapuk road
okay , can i have the restaurant telephone number ?
you can call 8179909998
alright thank you for the information
is there something else we could help ?
no , thats enough
alright , thank you for calling us and enjoy your activities again
hello
hello , is there anything we can help you with ?
I want to have dinner in a quiet fancy place , any recommendation ?
we recommend in morzino
where is the location ?
the address is in emporium pluit , in lantai 4 inside food court , and located in jakarta utara emporium pluit
oh its near , for the food is it local food or western ?
it is western food .
oh okay , can you describe the overplus of the restaurant ?
our western food is divided into a different kind of meat from a burger , bbq to smoke bbq
interesting , for the price , is it expensive ?
yes it is
can i book a reservation in here ?
yes you can , by phone number 812090878 or through us
i will book by phone number later then .
is there anything else we can help you with ?
for payment is there any promotion for this month ?
sorry , there is no promotion
okay then .
is there anything we can help you with ?
one more is the chef from indonesia or western ? im curious
its from western
okay then
is there anything else we can help you with ?
nothing else
thank you for contacting us , it was a pleasure to help you
Hello , good morning
Hello , anything that we can help ?
Can you please recommend me any best thai restaurant that serve good food ?
The restaurant called Noble by zab thai
Good , Can you please tell me in detail where is this restaurant located and another specific references
The location is in senopati , near the zen family spa , and the address is Jl . Gunawarman , no 41 south jakarta , indonesia
Okay , what type of restaurant is this ?
Casual dining
how about the price ? Is it low , middle or high range ?
Middle
Can i get the restaurant's number ? i want to make an appointment with the owner to cooperate with this restaurant
Okay , the number is 813190890
Okay thank you for the number . I will call you for the detail
Good , anything that i can help for the reservation ?
No it is clear enough , thank you for your help and the information that been given
Thank you for calling us , it is my pleasure to help you
good morning
good morning , can I help you with anything ?
I am looking for an Asian and western food restaurant
we recommend Little Talk Coffee , are you interested ?
can you explain to me about the restaurant ?
this cafe has an asian & western concept that serves various snacks and coffee
is it a cafe type ?
yes it is a cafe type , do you want to make a reservation ?
yes I think I am interested , how do I order ?
we can help you
okay , what is the best selling food ?
our top seller is toast with milk and cheese
I think I have to invite my friends , do you have any numbers that I can contact ?
you have already contacted us , we are the restaurant's customer service
okay good , then me and my friends will order milk and cheese toast
okay , do you want to add anything else ?
can I add my order in the restaurant later ?
yes of course , is there anything else that we can help ?
can I know the complete address of the restaurant ?
Jl . Tirta Utama No . 8, Bantargebang , Kota Bks , Jawa Barat 17151, it is located in jl raya tarta utama Bekasi
okay , I will go there soon
do you want to ask anything else ?
no I think it is enough , thank you very much
thank you for contacting us , we are happy to help you
good afternoon
hello , good afternoon
is there any restaurant in tebet area
sorry , the restaurant is not available in tebet area yet
what about in menteng area
sorry the restaurant is not available in menteng area yet
what about in pluit area
yes the restaurant is available in pluit area
what kind of restaurants are there
i recommend the restaurant morzino
what kind of restaurant is that
the restaurant serves wester cuisine we have different types of meats from burger , bbq to even smoke bbq
where in pluit is it
it is located in north jakarta emporium pluit
which area
the area is located in the 4th floor inside the food court
oh its inside a mall
yes you are right
what type of food will they serve
the available type of food is western food
price range
the price range is high
what type
it is for dinner
is there a phone number
yes , this is the number you can contact 812090878
can you order through that number
yes , you can
okay , thank you
okay , you are welcome
good afternoon
hello , good afternoon
can you recommend me a restaurant in pantai Indah kapuk ?
sure , I recommend pasta town
what restaurant is that ?
pasta town is a restaurant that use simple ingredient and they don't use MSG
where is the location ?
it is located in jalan pantai indah kaput
where is it to be exact ?
it is across Tzu chi school
what kind of food do they serve ?
this restaurant serves western food
what type of restaurant it it ?
it is a breakfast type
how much is the estimated prize ?
it is a low priced restaurant
what is the restaurant's phone number ?
you can contact 812345765
thank you for the information
sure , you are welcome . is there anything else that I can help ?
no thank you
okay , happy to help you
Good afternoon
Good afternoon how can we help
I want to snack , can you help me find snack menus ?
Okay , we recommend bread life
What about the price ?
Low
Great , please give me the full address
The address is at Plaza Senayan , it's situated at the LG floor and located inside Plaza Senayan Mall
Is there a number I can contact ?
812703572
How much is the price range ?
Low
great
Good , do you need help in making a reservation ?
no
anything else we can help you with ?
not anymore , thank you for helping me
good afternoon
hello good afternoon , can I help you with anything ?
I am looking for a Japanese food that is imported from Japan and cooked directly by a Japanese chef , what is the restaurant ?
yes there is , you can go to sushi hiro restaurant
where is it located ?
in jalan raya muara karang
what is the location reference ?
beside BCA bank
okay , what type of restaurant is it ?
it is a casual dining restaurant
how about the price range for casual dining ?
it is middle range price
how about reservations ?
for reservations , you can call 817925672
okay , I will call through that number
is there anything else that I can help ?
no , thank you
okay thank you for calling us . good afternoon
good afternoon
good afternoon , is there anything that i can help ?
i am looking for a restaurant
what kind of resturant ?
a restaurant to have breakfast
you can go to bokchon chicken
what type restaurant is that ?
korean restaurant
what menu do they have ?
various menus , they also have seafood
is there any chicken menu ?
yes
what kind of chicken ?
fried chicken
okay , can i make a reservation ?
yes of course
book it online or how ?
you can directly contact the restaurant
okay , i want the phone number
okay 817990998
where is the address ?
jakarta utara pluit village
what is it close to ?
pluit junction , to be exact it is located on the 5th floor in front of the cinema , they serve fried chicken with a sour and spice sauce from korea
what is price range ?
the price range is pretty high
okay , what time is the rush hour for this restaurant ?
from 08:00 until 13:00
okay , thank you
anything else that we can help ?
no
thank you good morning
good afternoon
